From mikal@stillhq.com Mon Jan 28 22:35:20 2002
Date: Mon, 28 Jan 2002 22:35:02 +1100 (EST)
From: Michael Still <mikal@stillhq.com>
To: Thomas E Young <youngt01@us.ibm.com>
Subject: First draft of my libtiff article


Mr Young,

please find attached the first draft of my libtiff article. I would much
appreciate your feedback as to whether you think I am on the right track
or not.

I have the following comments to make as well:
 - I have had to cut down the original scope of the article to fit it into
   the word limit. The article still runs over at about 2,500 words to my
   count. This article only discusses black and white images in the
   simplest sense -- more could be discussed on this issue, and color
   really deserves at least one article of it's own.

 - To this end I have retained the series tag in the XML for the article,
   because it is probably worth considering if this article should be one
   of a series in order to better cover the issues involved.

 - I have retained the PDF and ZIP tags, because I would much appreciate
   there being a PDF version of the article online. I have a series of
   files for the zip file which I have just included in the tarball
   attachment to this mail for now.

 - Should the related content list be populated with anything at this
   time?

 - Xview (which comes with most linux distros) has trouble viewing the
   output of the writing example. The gimp does a much better job. In
   fact, I had trouble finding a black and white image which xview
   would view correctly. I am looking into a patch for xview to make
   it work properly, but this will take more time (perhaps a couple
   more days). There is a sidebar about this which I will populate
   when I have more details.

 - How should I encode an em dash (--)?

 - I would appreciate some feedback about what the article will look like
   once formatted. Is is possible to send me a PDF version from your
   converter? I know what other articles on the site look like, but I want
   to make sure that the article flows nicely and paragraphs et cetera
   aren't too big.

Thanks for your feedback,
Mikal

-- 

Michael Still (mikal@stillhq.com)     UMT+11hrs

    [ Part 2, ""  Application/OCTET-STREAM (Name: "draft1.tgz")  25KB. ]
    [ Unable to print this part. ]

