This is netkit-base-0.16 for Linux.

This package updates netkit-base-0.11+, netkit-base-0.10, and the
inetd and ping from NetKit-0.09. This package also subsumes the old
sample-etc-files-01.tar.gz package. 

The rpcgen and rpcinfo programs are no longer distributed in
netkit-base. If you are using glibc (that is, glibc 2.0, 2.1, or
higher, as opposed to Linux libc 4.x or 5.x), please use the rpcgen
and rpcinfo that come with glibc. If you are using an older libc that
does not include rpcgen and rpcinfo, you can find the old netkit
versions in the netkit-rpc package.

If you're reading this off a CD, go right away and check the net
archives for later versions and security fixes.

Contents:
	inetd		Internet "super-server" daemon forker
	ping		Standard network testing program
	etc.sample	Assorted sample network config files for /etc

Requires:
	Working compiler, libc, and kernel.

	Old pre-release versions of glibc (before 2.0) are no longer
	supported and will not work.

Security:
	netkit-base-0.16 fixes some denial of service issues with inetd,
	as well as an issue with ping that allowed any user to flood-ping.

	Prior versions of netkit-base included other fixes for assorted 
	security problems that are now well-known. Please don't use
	old versions.

Installation:
	Do "./configure --help" and decide what options you want. The
	defaults should be suitable for most Linux systems. Then run
	the configure script.

	Do "make" to compile.
	Then (as root) do "make install".

	Save a backup copy of any mission-critical program in case the
	new one doesn't work, and so forth. We warned you.

DEC Alpha:
        Compaq were kind enought to make available their C compiler for
        the Alpha, you can down load this for free from
        http://www.unix.digital.com/linux (At time of document 25/11/1999)
        this package has been compiled and tested with this compiler as
        with the GNU compiler. To compile this from source simply issue
                ./configure --with-c-compiler=ccc

	It is not possible to compile up inetd with Compaq C due to types
	conflicts with glibc's rpc. (Compaq C can't understand __P)
	ping will compile with Compaq C but until the __P problem is sorted
	do not expect to compile up inetd or rpc<anything>

Bugs:
	Please make sure your header files in /usr/include match your
	libc version installed in /lib and /usr/lib. If you have weird
	problems this is the most likely culprit.

	Also, before reporting a bug, be sure you're working with the
	latest version.

	If something doesn't compile for you, fix it and send diffs.
	If you can't, send the compiler's error output.

	If it compiles but doesn't work, send as complete a bug report as 
	you can. Patches and fixes are welcome, as long as you describe 
	adequately what they're supposed to fix. Please, one patch per
	distinct fix. Please do NOT send the whole archive back or
	reindent the source.

	Be sure to send all correspondence in e-mail. Postings to netnews 
	will not be seen due to the enormous volume.

	Please don't report known bugs (see the BUGS file(s)) unless you
	are including fixes. :-)

	Mail should be sent to: netbug@ftp.uk.linux.org


Note: please see http://www.hcs.harvard.edu/~dholland/computers/netkit.html
if you are curious why it's been so long since the last NetKit release.
(The short version is that I gave things to some other people, who let
them kind of slide.)

I do not currently plan to continue maintaining NetKit; I am doing this
release and perhaps one or two more, and then I intend to give the source
tree to Red Hat or some similar organization for long-term maintenance.

David A. Holland
12 December 1999
